[MKC-1231] Update UNO R4 cheat sheet power sections (#1397)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/02.hero/boards/uno-r4-minima/tutorials/cheat-sheet/cheat-sheet.md

To power the UNO R4 Minima you may either use a USB-C® cable or the VIN pin.

The board can be powered via the VIN pin, supporting a range between 6-24 V. The VIN pin is also connected to the DC-jack (barrel plug connector).

> When powered via the VIN pin, you are using the onboard regulator to bring down the voltage to 5V, which means that the 5 V pin can provide up to 1.2 A. Keep in mind that this voltage regulator is also powering the RA4M1, and the current consumed by the chip can vary from 1 mA to nearly 40 mA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When powered via the VIN pin, you are using the onboard regulator to bring down the voltage to 5V, which means that the 5 V pin can provide up to 1.2 A. Keep in mind that this voltage regulator also powers the rest of the circuit board, including the MCU, LEDs among other components.

***External devices with a high current draw (e.g. servo motors) should never be powered via the 5 V pin. It is mainly intended for devices drawing lower current such as sensor modules.***
```
